{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2707
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Optima-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww34400\viewh19980\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Hey :)\
\
Welcome to Blood Test Analyzer! (FBS Full Edition)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1133\fi-1134\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The app is designed for laboratory managers and individuals that want to know what their blood test results mean but don't know what they mean.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-13248\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The levels of FBS can fluctuate quite a bit depending on a variety of factors that interfere with the process. Among these factors are the following: A1C (average blood sugar levels over the last three months), FBS history, medications, symptoms, hormone deficiencies, age, cortisol levels, and smoking history.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-11057\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Depending on how each factor is modified, the results may vary, and a doctor should manually examine all the data, carefully examining each range for different values, and comparing them to the interfering factors mentioned above. It is possible, however, that this will lead to human error, and it can be very time-consuming to implement. The purpose of this application is to help those in the medical field upload the CSV file of all the patients that gave a test on a certain day, and the program will give them access to navigate through all of the patients, see the analysis done by the program, and if necessary, modify the abnormal results text box and send them to their secretary to share with the patients. \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx19415\pardeftab720\ri-9659\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 As of now, this version of the application is focused on the analysis of FBS data. To make the application a comprehensive and practical tool for those in the medical field, and anyone else interested, other blood analyses will be added to the application in the near future.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx18771\tx19415\pardeftab720\ri-9659\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 I hope that by reading about blood tests, you will be able to learn something new about them, and I hope you will not rely on the random Google results that might make you nervous about the results.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Enjoy!\
\
Why did the patient get a blood test? To check their cholesterol levels, because they heard too much bacon is bad for your health D:\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}